What is Anki? ; A flashcard program that helps you remember information
What is the format of an Anki card? ; {FRONT} ; {BACK}
What was Andrej Karpathy's role at Tesla? ; He built and managed the computer vision team
What was the state of Tesla's computer vision team when Karpathy joined? ; There were only two people training deep neural networks
What did Karpathy do to the computer vision team at Tesla? ; He grew it into a respectable deep learning team, built a massive compute cluster, and a good data annotation organization
Why did Karpathy leave Tesla? ; He wanted to do more technical work and focus on AGI
What did Karpathy consider to be his role at Tesla before leaving? ; A corporate executive role
What did Karpathy think about working at Tesla? ; He loved the company, the team, and Elon Musk
What did Karpathy think about the potential of AGI at Tesla? ; He thought it was going to do incredible things 
What is the best movie sequel of all time according to Karpathy? ; Godfather Part Two
What did Karpathy think about movies made before 1995? ; He generally did not like them
What did Karpathy think about Optimus and the Tesla bot? ; He thought it was going to be an amazing project and take a long time to execute 
What is a hard problem when building a robot? ; Designing a robot and getting a whole data engine and everything behind it to work
What is the form factor that Tesla wants to invest into? ; Humanoid form factor
What is the big exciting thing to Karpathy about Tesla doing humanoid robots? ; Integrating the robots into the data engine and mass manufacturing them to be cheap to produce at scale
What is one of the hard problems in robotic engineering that excited Karpathy? ; Social robotics and the relationship we'll have on different levels with those robots
What did Karpathy think about the mass production of the Tesla bot at Tesla? ; It was not that crazy and could be done relatively easily compared to other companies 
What is the importance of making revenue along the way when developing products like the Tesla bot? ; It helps to set up the product development roadmap, makes the project economically feasible, and gives the team dopamine along the way